+2 Orientation Meeting

3/16/2018

Start Time: 10:53:57 AM

Location :Hall 1, Prime College

Agenda 1: Orientation for School students

Orientation for +2 Students will be held on the fifth this month and almost 200 students are expected to show up. In that event, the students will be notified about the facilities, admission details, college premises, discounts and scholarships. 

The students will be attending the vent after their examination and they will be given a tour of the college after they arrive at the gate in a group of 10-15. The duties for each guide will be provided by the organizers. 

Agenda 2: Duties and Responsibilities

The duties and responsibilities for each members have been decided and predetermined and the event will be conducted based on that schedule. Presenters are selected from each club to represent and explain the club and will be allowed 2 minutes each to speak about their club. 

The emcees will improvise in any situation where the need arises. The transition between different events will be smoothed by the emcees to enable a seamless movement from one topic to another. The emcees will create their script and present it to the administration on Sunday. The emcee must prepare properly so as to avoid any stutter and speak confidently to convey preparedness.

Agenda 3: Pamphlets 

Pamphlets designed by the prime creative hub will be distributed. It has been already designed and about 100-200 will be printed out and supplied.

Agenda 4: Food

Food and amenities will be distributed sufficiently to the students and it includes vegetable sandwich, french fires, cake / muffin, tea / coke and banana. They will be distributed from the hall. There are 200 food boxes for the students and extra 25 for the volunteers and staff on location.

Conclusion :

The event will be conducted in three phases: start, flow and the end. Active participation and proper hospitality will be shown throughout the event. Its an opportunity to make a good impression and every service center in the event will be manned at all times and no station will be left unsupervised. The volunteers will act proactively to an unforeseen issue and make sure no problem sticks out and demotivates the prospective students.
Its an activity conducted with the joint effort of the Prime School and Prime High School. 



Attendees :

Jikesh Thapa
Lijaa Manandhar


End Time :11:20:09 AM