Creative Hub & Cyber Security

2/15/2018

Start Time: 11:01:22 AM

Location :Canteen, Prime College

Agenda 1:

Creative Hub:

Notification :
Notice has been designed and is ready to be printed. Each member will notify their respective batches and then the remaining batches will be divided and conquered.
The creative hub fliers will be posted on the Facebook by the club members and the teachers.
The posters will also be posted in the college message board.
It will also be posted in the college website.

Recruitment :

Criteria:
The applicant must have some talent on the lines of web designer, graphics designer, photographer, videographer, public speaker, video editor, creative content writer, Photo Editor.
The applicant must be able to dedicate time and efforts when called upon.

Structure:
Each talent structure will have two members, hence the hub will have 16 members. From the two members one will be the leader and the other will be assistant, this will be selected based on talent. The two prime members will have other casual members functioning as understudies.

Selection: 
Each applicant will have a certain project handy as a sample. Based on that, the members and their roles will be chosen.
The judges for each sectors are:
Web Designer - Jikesh Thapa, Ashish Shakya
Graphics Designer - Rujen Shrestha, Jikesh Thapa
Animator / Video Editor - Ashok Adhikari, Samyek Tuladhar
Photographer - Lija Manandhar, Rujen Shrestha
Videographer - Manish Tamang 
Content Writer - Roijna Shrestha, Jikesh Thapa
Public Speaking - Jikesh Thapa, Prasanna Tuladhar, Gaurav
Photo Editor - Rujen Shrestha, Lijaa Manandhar 

Deadlines: 
Form Submission : 2 weeks 

Agenda 2:

Cyber security:

Amit Raj Panta, an ex-member of the IT club and now an Eset employee, has proposed an event on cyber security and computer viruses. Informative section of the event will consume about 30 minutes and the rest will be games and quiz for which antivirus product keys will be distributed as prizes. Its a promotional event basically. There will be field professional present on that event. They are trying to haste so the date will be pushed as up front as possible. 
We also have to request a stall provision for three or four days with the college for the company in question. The proposal will be approved with Dikshya Mam and then presented to the principal. 

Conclusion :
Interview and audition dates will be fixed at a later date keeping in mind the pre-boards for each semester. Further details will be discussed and the decisions will be consulted with the absent president and faculty members.
The cyber security event date will be fixed for later, preferably after the pre-boards at around the first week of March. (March 2)



Attendees :

Jikesh Thapa
Reebika Bhatta
Lijaa Manandhar
Chrisha Shrestha
Ananta Gaire
Rujen Shrestha
Prashanna Tuladhar


End Time :11:42:30 AM